Fixes for Hilla launch (#1080)
vaadin/docs: articles/data-binding/binder-validation.asciidoc

----

When record-level validation fails, there are cases when you want to mark several fields as invalid.

> To do that with the `@hilla/form` validator APIs, you can return an _array_ of `{ property, message }` records from the `validate()` callback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this with the `@hilla/form` validator APIs, you can return an _array_ of `{ property, message }` records from the `validate()` callback.
```

> Returning an empty array would be equivalent to returning `true`, meaning that validation would pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returning an empty array would be equivalent to returning `true`, meaning that validation has passed.
```

> In case if you need to indicate a validation failure without marking any particular field as invalid, return `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to indicate a validation failure without marking any particular field as invalid, return `false`.
```

== Built-in Client-Side Validators [[built-in-client-side-validators]]

> The `@hilla/form` package provides the client side validators for the following https://beanvalidation.org/2.0/spec/#builtinconstraints[JSR-380 built-in constraints]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@hilla/form` package provides the client-side validators for the following https://beanvalidation.org/2.0/spec/#builtinconstraints[JSR-380 built-in constraints]:
```

> . `Email` - The string has to be a well-formed email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. `Email` - The string must be a well-formed email address.
```
